# 【社交光谱】泰勒《最后一搏计划》人工翻译版：01_1.识别自我破坏机制--01_1.识别自我破坏机制_ev

Hey what up it's own from real social dynamic sitting here in Central Park in New York City and what I'm gonna to talk to you about today is the power of recognizing the litany of excuses that your mind is using to lie to you and rationalize to you and create selfsbotage mechanisms so that you won't approach the women you want Now even though we're gonna to cover in depth the way that your mind is tricking you why your mind is tricking you how your mind is tricking you and how you're making all these crazy excuses that are messing up your dating life in truth this video is a metaphor for life in general because when you see how your mind is making up excuses when it comes to meeting women you'll see how your mind is making excuses to prevent you from having success to prevent you from enjoying your happiness and to prevent you from reaching your full potential So what we're going to do right now is crack into an infield coaching program where I ran around here in New York and bars and clubs in the streets pushing students pushing myself to approach girls and we're going to break down in detail the way that your mind is lying to you way that your mind is tricking you and show you how you can。

Come out the other side， victorious， having beaten those excuses， understanding it， overpowering it。

 and creating a life of your own design， let's do it。🎼万能。

Fuck usess fuck rationalizations now is the time to rise I have to go but pleasure to meet you。

I am hungry。 Do you know what pizza where I like to eat is a place called Miss C and barbecue It has like a really highqu steak and chicken。

 We're gonna do a rooftop party tomorrow if you want me to give you an invite Thank you give me a call one of the things that I think is the most unfortunate as far as understanding excuses is that the majority of people in life have never spent three or four hours straight just approaching everybody that they see and the way that this sts you is that you've never had an opportunity to access the frame of mind that you'd be in if you are totally just putting yourself out there chat with everybody laughing it up having fun with everybody most people have never done that and for that reason they don't understand how their frame of mind will shift when they force themselves to get out of their head and out of their comfort zone Now what I want you to do。

Is to make a decision to become one of these people if you never have before okay I want you to make a decision right now that you're gonna go out tonight and talk to everybody that you see and the frame of mind that I want you to be in as you do this is to take notice of how your selective perception is changing the more people who you talk to so there's something only way to look up right now before you do it it's called reicular activation system R and what that's going to tell you is that human beings。

 we have this thing called selective focus So in one frame of mind when you're going out your selective focus could be on everything that could go wrong when you approach everybody all the things that could embarrass you all the ways that you could be rejected all the ways that you could feel stupid and this will feel very。

 very real when you're in that frame of mind Now conversely what can also happen over time is that your selective focus shifts to having a reason to approach everybody So rather than seeing a threat or an excuse or reason not to approach your selective focus your R starts focusing on why you should approach this is very。

 very critical because when you're approaching from。😡。

F frame of mind that you're seeing excuses and reasons not to and why you shouldn't do it。

 your mind is messing you to the point that it's just really difficult to talk to anybody。

 But conversely when you get to a point where it's just you see oh it's a great opportunity she wants' easy then approaching girls is like this effortless experience and it's important that you've had both types of experiences because unless you don't understand your mind is messing with and don't understand that is very very subjective and can change depending on what's going on So that being the case go out tonight and have that of talking to everybody and here's what I want you to take notice of you're first starting the typical experience that you're gonna have is your mind is loading with threats and excuses and it's gonna look something like this the goal will be walking by say she that would be for me to approach that's I don't want to do that or maybe the girl looks too pretty you think oh I couldn't do she's too beautiful I just that's not for me or maybe the girl is not pretty enough for you and you're like don't want to talk to's not enough maybe the girl is not your type。

To think you have a specific type Maybe she's with a dude maybe she's with a big group of girls and you can't stop her maybe she's trying to get into a club and you know that it just would be kind of weird to try to stop her whatever it is Now notice how your mind is playing massive tricks on you because here's what's crazy if you were to actually see that same group of people towards the end of the night when you've been approaching everybody all of a sudden your mind would be doing the opposite that girl really could be like making out of the dude your brain's like she probably wants me to come up you know but probably just some guy she just met she like to high approach instead your mind will actually do that to you it kind of crazy so really what will happen is as the night progresses your selective focus will change and your major goal when going out is actually to force what I call that reS flip because once your selective focus to switch game just gets so easy it becomes incredibly easy to talk to everybody but unless you actually had that flip before and observed it and see how at the start of the night it seems impossible that you talk to everybody but by the end of the night it seems impossible not to talk to everybody。

Unless you've seen that switch in your subjective experience。

 the experience of approaching women will just seem so difficult to you Now this is really the first step in understanding your experience of meeting women because ultimately all these excuses flow in your head come from this weird element of your subjective perception What kind of excuses you have on like these groups of girls here Like when you see that girl there by the tree what's your first excuse she's on the phone she could be waiting for a guy Now the truth is is it really the end of the world if I just go say hi。

 it's all extremely openable next one I can make an excuse what's your ancestral background。

 you look like a mix I couldn't tell I don't know that's why I asktto before you go meet my friend come I like the giant fur I need to get one like that？

Did he get it for you Okay， that's very cool Some interactions are better than others right Like that girl there。

 she's kind of like a shy Indian girl， she's a shy Indian guys。 You know。

 it's not necessarily the best personality fit for what my game is built for What's the advantage What do I gain by going in sell like that You can see it building Its slow but you can see it building right。

 How about the girl behind you here She's tall hot E cea。

 like that kind of thing right I like this jacket Yes， wait， you have to meet her are you well。

Quick little merger there all right so once you've had this experience of going out and being tons of people and watching how your subjective experience of meeting those people changes and you know watching how your mind goes from creating tons of excuses and finding millions of reasons not to bur somebody to suddenly you want to approach everybody and it's like just an approach free for all well。

Like I said once you've done that， all of a sudden you got to ask yourself， why is that happening。

 why is your brain doing that to you， Why is your mind coming up with excuses that are sabotaging you and fucking up your life now in my experience。

 I've gone through these different phases and start to ask these questions and the basic answer that I came up with over time was that your brain can't actually talk to you so your brain can't say hey。

 oh it， owe it。You don't know what's going on here don't just go approach everybody that's kind of weird so your brain actually tries to protect you and comes up with all these crazy excuses in order to make sure that you don't get killed now I've talked about this in other videos because in my opinion。

 this is one of the most single important understandings and all the success of women in unless you get this。

Your experience of meaning girls is gonna be shit so I repeat this in videos quite often and it's basically that your brain needs proof not promises that you're not gonna get killed So a lot of people think that approaching women is scary because the girls are gonna reject you and you're gonna feel bad and I think that's definitely an element of it but in my opinion there's this whole other side of it that very few people talk about which is that your mind unconsciously is actually afraid that other alpha males are gonna come and fucking kill you and the simple reason why is because we've evolved from caveman tribes where let's say that you walked into a group of 150 people who you didn't know and you just walk up you start hooking up with the different girls some other alpha male is going to kill you potentially so anybody that didn't involve this mechanism said don't do that。

 don't approach anybody and actually blocked you anybody who didn't have that mechanism probably got weeded out that being the case when you feel your mind making up all these crazy excuses realize that you're actually emotionally healthy it's good that your brain is pretty。

😡，In these excuses， but the question is， how is it also limiting you and how do you push through it so your experience of meaning people can be enhanced excuse' Yes it's a huge cloud' something want to get I call that baking a cake is just completely process oriented my ego is actually invested in the process I view it like I'm superior to all the because I do this and the other shows are trapped in the stupid ego mechanism they're just liars they're just a bunch of liars like yeah I'm so great I'm so exactly and the truth is the amount that we get results at this point is so and you do have to completely go in order to get the results So I let go the results I view it like people that don't have this kind of process they're definitely unaware other than a sociopath。

 I don't know anybody that just rocket and ready to go all the time on9s and tens I just don't see it except sociopath。

Who are right they're totally ready Now if I'm on my own I do tend to push to the warm up faster。

 but at the same time I like to do it a little more slowly on the program because I've done this for year so I tend to go through it a bit fast but I try to like slow it down a bit deliberately on the program so you can see the progression and identify and relate with the progression Here's a major major key point with this too so you're gonna have variation in responses and a lot of the time it can just be one girl just being super nice to you that actually snaps you in gear too and the thing is it's usually these like kind of shyer girls if you're kind of shy it's usually these shy girls thatll sit and talk to you for a bit but you'll find that you'll like get these more shy girls that will kind of talk to you and then that actually gets you in a conversational flow so even if you've been working all week and you haven't chatted with somebody all week you're fine now by the way。

 when it's gonna crack and this is the key of when it cracks is when you stop trying to get to an end goal it's always at the start where you're like you're trying to make it work and you're trying to get in end goal instead of getting associated to the fun of the night。

You'll get in a flow when you stop， try to make things go somewhere and do something and you get associated just to your night in general you first say just it Yeah I do because trying hard means that you care Like you're trying to like get as a result or I don't really care about the result I just want to do my process In fact I actually view a long bad night as funny like if I had a really horrible night I would perceive that is very funny I'd be like wow because I know that after really bad nights I have incredible night after if I'm having a horrible night I'm like yeah。

 this is building up it's like when you bounce a ball if I'm getting bounce that hard down I know that the up is gonna be really high Are you Greek。

Good to meet you， I'm a quarter guys I'm and Irish， but I'll hug。

We got it How do you guys know each other？Friendri friends and friends English major okay。

 got it I almost took some boyside courses when I was in。

What when I was in college and then I was too afraid of it interesting stuff I'm paralegal now Did you ever study like John Rawls and Robert No and like that I did some philosophy courses was like that it was kind it。

 That's cool。 I'm gonna go to brass monkey meet guys later a lot of them kind of just start like that that's just kind of how they start if you walk in friendly and you're not trying that hard you start good the major thing there I would change about the last interaction is I was still a bit in wanting to do something a of that but it wasn't bad I was actually enjoying it but's still you can feel an inner inside of you that kind of wants to do something you'll still feel it eases away as you interact more So you're doing it the interaction becomes the payoff rather than trying to make something out of it and ironically the more the interaction becomes a payoff the more that you because you look like you're an abundance and then the girls start to view the other guys as low status because。

that you're just enjoying the interaction， the more that you communicate abundance to the girls。

 say that the other two guys are there and they're like we've got to get these girls you know to the next club you know they're talking this guy is gonna steal them and like and then their status drops then your status goes up Now ironically。

 they can be jealous because he's letting her live in his home giving her half as money and he doesn't want some dihead talking to his woman but the girl will literally give more credit to you because you're just not needy that guy for spending 100 grand or her a year So literally like you actually overpower everything that guy might have done just with the Don eatinginess It's crazy how it works on how thiss the fact that I noticed you're not going direct I don't go I'm also not indirect I mean I have no problem being like your pretty girl up I can do my next it's all the same to me。

 I believe that women are going so much off the vibe that director indirect。

 I don't think they notice I don't think they notice the words that you're saying I think what you're saying is pretty arbitrary So that's how I feel about it director indirect to me is more like if you're squared in or not squared in。

Go with a strong situation Yeah I am whatever I am。 if I feel like going in directly， I will。

 if I don't， I won't， I am whatever I am in that moment， just。

 I'm doing that to align myself in congruent So I want my behavior to feel congruent。

 I've habituated being congruent。 I know that you probably have a massive fantasy of going out to any environment immediately feeling so confident so sure of yourself that you could talk to anybody approach anybody and have total access to all your charisma。

 all your wit and never have to worry about this again。 Now I understand feeling that way。

 And I think that all of us want to be left for who we are and not to have to go through a process of switching around our minds and you know getting our minds to kind of stop making excuses and suddenly just sort of egg us on to talk to everybody Now。

 I get that I understand it and look。😡，On one level it's good to have that aspiration and to move in that direction。

 but on another level， I'd ask you this。 Why is it that when a comedian gets on stage。

 they oftentimes start walking in the room Why is it even for me what I go on stage where I'm doing a seminar。

 I feel an urge， this strange urge to kind of just walk up and meet people shake hands start talking to people well in my opinion we do this as humans to unlock the environment that we're in and this is really just very important to us because we have to know that that environment is safe and our brains don't have the ability to sayy oh no don't talk to anybody you shouldn't do until you know what the situation is so our brain gives us this mechanism to keep us safe where any time that we go into a new environment it's gonna to make us to make massive excuses not talk to people by focusing it's like to focus on those excuses but then in addition to that literally diminishing our charisma so that we no longer feel like we should talk to anyone because we start to feel like we have nothing to say Now look at how that actually compounds on itself because in many ways what's happening it's on one level your brain is hitting one barrier。

Where you're too afraid to go talk to anybody because you keep thinking there's reasons not to and then on another level。

 your mind also messes with you because what happens is when you feel like you have nothing to say。

 it's even more so that your mind will start making excuses because you know if you saw that girl there and she seems like she's on the run but and a lot to say well then maybe you'd force yourself to go and approach but went on one level it' like oh。

 I shouldn't approach at another level you got nothing to say it's almost impossible to go talk to anybody So if you ever felt like that。

 understand that it's very， very common， you shouldn't feel bad about that it's actually your mind protecting you。

 it means you're not a sociopath。 The challenge is how do you trigger your mind out of that and look it's just like the comedians you gotta walk the room engage with people and give your mind proof not promises that everything is gonna be okay you're a great listener。

😡，Yeah， you're like very attentive， you're like。Very present。We thanks。

How do you guys know each other We are best friends here high school really and you knew each other for that long？

All of us we all went to high school together。I like how happy you look when you talk about it。

I'm Canadian。He didn't go to high school in Canada。I should have thought of that。

Have you ever been Toronto do you like it I haven't been in a while Are you guys basketball fans too？

I it make sense， I could see that Oh we're very feeling that。A bill， you want to go？Right now。

 I'll put you in a little bulb grab envelope， I'll pack you my suitcase。要。Love you。 Good。Love me too。

谢。I like the swagger with a cigarette Hey is the cigarette swag， you were kind of like I'm sorry。

 I'm sorry。It's okay。How do you know your friends I'm here from Germany on Germany。

 how do you guys know each other？How do you guys know each other， how do you guys know each other？

We all oh got it Okay， and my second home is Spanish okay I'm not so got it LA LA yeah LA I am now yeah。

 I grew up in Canada and my best friend was Polishtro I got。mashgi。Are you guys headed over there？

Yes， we would like to go to。It's our first time here in New York I'm gonna to let you guys go good to meet you guys that's 100% how this is always gonna play out for me's you know some quick ones and then when you go in a bit longer the people start to sense that you're at ease and they welcome you into the group more right So a lot of guys that are getting shut out of groups is because the person like well this guys not at ease he doesn't even want to be welcomed in the group right like we're all sitting or socializing but he's not so if you're in the same vibe as socializing they'll welcome you into the group on those last two groups there what could have been some of excuse let's catalog them a lot of girls at the table and I'm reaching over a table lot of will never do that Another one would be the guy and the together you guys catch that that guy and together and yet as soon as I say how do you guys know each other's like that's just my friend that kind of don't remember quite urgently that's the idea of it I take it Now when I keep breaking it down like this what am I actually doing as far as my momentum process what am I doing Yeah I'm artificially slowing down my own momentum building process Now what's the lesson there now I'm doing it on purpose。

Get highly relatable How about you guys What do you guys oftentimes do when you go out。

 This is the big joke of the whole thing when you go out。

 I bet you you often slow down your own momentum building by chatting with your buddies too much in between sitting around waiting what do you think would happened me if I would just on bang bang bang bang bang bang bang what even happened to me when I did a couple in a row quickly right you see that so that's kind of the next step to it so basically what I'll do now is I'll get you guys to do a bit of the same thing point out to me what your excuses are I want you to catalog your excuses to me and then show me okay just keep coming to me。

 see the girls tell me what your excuses are and then just tell me why it's bullshit go in and also I want you to also focus on this is the next keysre building a foundation here I want you to focus on why you'll do it anyway but also when you come back I want you to tell me why it was funny and what you the set as except the set is always hundred out1 it I'm fuck with you over the weekend I to be like I'll be like how is that and you'd be like it was okay and I'll be no hunt out of1 that that good。

I's tricky what？great great110 Yeah look how is you're smiling and then you carry that energy in the next one I keep hammering you that okay so you want to irrationally view it as they're all amazing I'm actually more proud of those interactions I did earlier than when I pulled the hottest scroll because it's almost like you're more proud of your first 100000 you ever made or million that you made than when you've got a00 million and you made another 10 million you know how they say the first million the hardest in the diner exactly yes it's the firstbil in the diner is the hardest one I struggle much more on a Friday night after working all week doing my first interaction than on a late Saturday night when I've been out all night going crazy and then just being like let's go to a1 who's gonna listen because I've been gaming all night right it's a lot harder to start opening when you've been working all week than it is to close when you've been gaming all night。

So I've already done the hardest part the 10 at the end of the Saturday is easy The six on the start of Friday night is hard so repeat after to me the six of the start of Friday is hard Friday the 10 at the end of Saturday is easy the 10 at the end of Saturday okay so give yourself credit as you're doing it believe me I get a lot more anxiety in my stomach from walking up to randomand stranger's like hi then I do from the end of night when I've been fucking all night I know everyone in the club everyone thinks I'm great and I'm like you can come come on。

Get in the hot tub that's easier than when you've been working all weekend and than just being like。

Right， that's a lot harder okay that's why guys don't get good a game， by the way。

 because they don't realize they're doing the hardest part first。

 they're hitting the hardest part from the start and then they can't figure out why game is so hard。

 They're like， well， it's this hard open a six， how am I gonna to close a 10 But in reality。

 and they're actually doing the hardest part first they're not seeing it。

 First one of the days always harder than the seventh that's the thing right even if the seventh was hotter In fact。

 when youre with the hotter ones and you've been in it for a while it actually feels quite natural So again。

 excuse meello now why do we folks on this sub boot camp because after the program。

 I can show you everything in the world But unless you're familiarize with what your mind's doing to you。

 you're not gonna actually game enough So that's why we have to lay down the foundation and we have to really lay it down firmly here All right got it so let's just walk over here。

 what excuse you do you make on that one there No momentum haven't done it all Yeah and she's one of the hot girls just keep to try So just hop in。

买咗系张 appreciate。な。That's a common mistake to make early in the night is like the girls got two cups and yet you'll still try to high five because you're more in your head and when you're in your head。

 you don't notice the small details。 That's actually one of the major reasons to get out of your head is because you notice the small details better when you're out of your head that Yeah because I do the same thing all the time My default is like a high five sometimes so I'll be like this and I'm like she's got two things in her hands but I'm so in my own head that I didn't even notice you'll respond quicker as your night progresses I just did1 just I know there you right now repeat after me emotion is not change with logic emotion is changed with action I'm not being contrive when I say that it's not hypothetical say it right now emotion is not changed with logic。

 emotion is changed with action In other words， if you walk into an environment and you logically say you know what I'm safe here I know that as I and talk to people that you know my selective focus is gonna change I logically know that I get that well in my experience very little is gonna happen On the other hand。

 if you start taking action， you start getting into a。

F you start getting more into your body and more out of your head， you take so much action。

 you overwhelm the thinking mindset again， you take so much action。

 you overwhelm the thinking mind then what happens in my experience is that reticular activation flip begins to take place and you'll literally see it to where you you start approaching somebody and it's almost like there's the parking brake is on no matter what you do it's just really really difficult and each one is more and more difficult it's difficult。

 it's difficult the pressure is building all of a sudden bam you feel your reticular activation flip and all of a sudden what starts to happen is as you see the different girls it just seems like the easiest thing in the world to go and approach them I mean it gets so easy you can't stop by the time that the night is over if you haven't pull a girl home yet it is almost impossible to stop approaching people and this one I'm so passionate about this because I feel that most guys don't realize that to meet a6 at 10 pm on a Friday night is actually more difficult because you're in resistance than to pull a 10 at 2 a on Saturday when you've been talking to people all weekend crazy right。

Most guys think that meeting women is so difficult because on Friday night for that first half hour when it's so freaking hard。

 you think well damn， if it this hard to meet a girl not that attractive by the end of the night to pull a girl home this really attractive that'd be almost impossible so I'm giving up now and the most ridiculous part of this is if you really think about it a lot of my business is really built on the fact that most guys will never go through that wall of the first half hour I mean guys will do anything together having to go through that pain of the first half hour because're going through so much resistance and they don't realize it's gonna get easier that being the case decide to take action and recognize what the excuses are how your selective focus is manipulating your say of mind and how to take specific processes where you can get over that now what I've done over the years is gotten very。

 very attuned to how my mind is messing with me and really this is similar to the back in the day when I do homework when I was a kid it like watching television and I say to myself oh you five more minutes I'll do my homework and I really would believe it but then five minutes later Id say well in another five。

I'll do my homeworkThen five minutes later I say you know what。

 I'll do my homework after this show but then the next show will come and I say I'll do my homework then and over time I noticed I get in trouble at school because I would never do my homework so over time I begin to realize my mind is playing a trick on me It's like when you the think of bread on the table at the restaurant right you're like okay know I'll just have one slice next thing you you didnt fucking think well what is that that's what we call the elephant to theer analogy the elephant is taking over fucking tricking you got to recognize it the multimillionaires on this earth are people who recognize that their mind is tricking them and know how to get through it you put your keys now you're like oh remember that I put my keys but you don't put it in a specific proactive spot where you always put your keys your mind tricks you to save time and energy repeat that after me your mind tricks you to save time and energy to keep you in your comfort zone to keep in your spot you put it down and next you can't find your fucking keys you ever been through that that's because your mind is tricking you be aware of it So that being the case much like being an adult you have to learny put your keys in the same place as being an adult have to say you know what I'm not gonna to do my homework after。

This next show I got to do it right now you've got to do the same thing with women。

 you've got to understand that your mind is tricking you and making excuses and is completely diminishing your life that being the case learn exactly how your mind's tricking you and ask yourself what's your process gonna be Do you have a specific process that is gonna carry you through those excuses and make you so that you can get from pointing to point B。

 take you from shit at the start of the night all the way the promised land how do you do that what you got to do is recognize what your mind's doing and say to yourself what are the specific things that I'll do when my mind's tricking me as a ritual you've got to ritualize it and once you do that you'll get a much more positive result So what's my excuse on that one you guys talking to the girl right？

I bringing out my teeth。哎呦。How are you doing very good dance what a dance are we dancing are what is your racial background？

🎼How's that how do you guys all mean We kidd Did you see my brain making excuses open the And then what happened when like does he know her that's also that so basically the mind plays tricks's what I'm trying to say is that so much game is learning to overcome the tricks just about learning to control your mind being aware of what your mind will do is the elephant in the writer analog're like brain is an you're the writer is you think you're in complete control're not you can learn how to so the brains autopilot that it really is unubborn couldn't that I wasn't aware excuse' mindful every always。

Yeah reticular activation system hammers you with excuse excuse until you're in gear and then it hammers you with delusional confidence yeah you got it I just feels something like it's an excuse but you having this？

Wow。He can't go home and he he's too shy I'm from LA he's from New Zealand really how far do you live from here You're taking a car。

Okay， so I think there So we're the friends， good to have you go initially Okay so what you do there。

 that friend's a cog block because she has a boyfriend So from her perspective。

 she's just like I don't care those guys right that's about the level of loyalty that a lot of the girls have like to their friends So what you had to do is you have to folks the friends don't focus you got stuck on an obstacle if I'm doing a sale and then like say somebody in the crowd had an obstacle and then I just sit there fucking folks on that obstacle rather than just dismissing that person I just focusing on the awesome stuff in the product exactly all right so I want you to take what I told you and put it to the test because I never like it when people believe what I'm saying just offhand I really want you to go try that's I'm proud of as far as these videos is the fact that you're meant to go test it and see your own results So that being the case I'm going to give you a little bit of a weird experiment and I want to see if it kind of converts your thinking on this because I find it to be very powerful what I want you to do is to go out and start giving hug to dudes a high fives chatd with them get laughing and notice how your excuse making mechanism shifts even just when you're talking to guys now if you do have the experience。

Just from talking to dos all of a sudden you're not afraid to talk to girls that should really make you wonder what the heck is going on and probably you're gonna come to a similar type of conclusion that I came to myself Now really this goes even deeper because the mind is not there to help you advance or elevate most of the time what your mind is there to do is actually to be like this little temperature or thermometer gauge and to see when is the right time to advance and when is the time to hold firm funny right like your mind unless it sees a clear lane open to start talking to people and raise your status unless it's really sure that it's okay to do that your mind will really。

 really block you and like I said， don't take it from me。

 just look at the fact that when you start talking to guys。

 all of a sudden gets easier to talk to women and then consider the fact that sometimes you're talking to girls it's almost impossible to think of anything to say and other times the easiest thing in the world will why is that your mind does that I mean how weird is that the fact that sometimes it's impossible to talk to a girl sometimes it's easy sometimes it's impossible to think of what to say drop blank and other times。

😡，Stop why is that What's going on Well like I said in my opinion。

 this is happening specifically because your mind is there to keep you in protection rather than shoot you in growth So when you're walking around this kind of protection mode realize there's another way that you can see reality It's simply that you're not in that go for mode right now and learn rituals to shift your say of mine where you guys head up to there's a little 24 hour Mexican restaurant up there perfect perfect I'm gonna be the boys about I just seeing what you guys are up to and then maybe I'll see you there okay okay I'll just go check the other guys What's up。

Where you guys heading to we're gonna get some food which place I forgot the name Mark knows the name's behind us got it Okay。

 have fun guys， yeah I am have fun， you Good to meet you Good to meet you good to meet you Okay。

 have fun Okay， have fun guys of course have fun。说3万月了。

Pucking seven trades going be hard to get to from here。我们开这下楼。啊别。Where you live。如果是。🎼Gar get on。

Yeah当。We'll be in the su if you don't get it have fun。Where do you live at？Ladies。

We have a circle for nothing islands， otherwise I。怕。Let's go。

So what I want to do now is get you hip to the different rituals that I use and really get you tested them initially but more importantly。

 using these rituals as inspiration more than anything to create your own rituals based on how you respond when you go out now what I want you to do is to become a very adept elephant rid so it's almost like if you're riding an elephant and you put out a little kind of food thing in front of them you know how to make them turn left you don't go turn left because the elephant doesn't want to it's scared but if you kind of distract them with a little bit of food。

 you can kind get them moving and now you're an amazing elephant rider so I want you to be a very powerful elephant rider so that you know how to control your brain and you can get the best results so let's look at my first ritual what are my first rituals I call the six steps and what I basically do is I say open all everybody minimize time in between the interactions find every single approach to be 10 out of10 and think of something funny about every approach that you do if you want to see the other steps look up at the six of videos but that's the basic gist of it now what does that do as far as ritual by saying approach all that gets。

The excuse up she's not hot enough。 she's too hot she's on the because you're approaching all。

 you just do it even if it's a dude， you just say hi okay the next one is that you minimize time between the interaction。

 Well， that's because you'll keep finding the excuse after every approach。

 so now you've largely gotten over that Now the next one is you just 10 out of no matter what that's because what your mind does say oh it wasn't good。

 I suck and whenever you're doing that it gives you a another reason not to approach F that Now the next one is you get in bad mood I'm in a bad mood now well the way of getting around that is making a ritual that every approach is funny。

😡，Whatever I see guys doing a lot of approaches， if they don't maintain that kind of mentality of always judging it 10 out of1 because with the fuck out of the balls to do that。

 especially silver and finding something funny about it。

 I watched their game go into a downward spiral now a simple ritual like that now means that there is a proactive element in place that prevents you from falling f to all these excuse that's so important And in life it's fundamentally about rituals。

 you see these guys that are making millions of dollars， you think that they're different from you。

 you think theirre brain works differently from you。

 it doesn't Of course it's gonna be different to a degree but they still have the same challenges。

 your mind is like an old school computer with shitty memory。

 shitty ram in it and you've got to take control to account for that look I don't care how much cash I make。

 I don't care how much success I get when I put my keys down I forget where I put them I don't care how good a game I am when I go out if I don't have a ritual to make myselfreach。

 I'm not gonna to talk to anybody and I'm going home feeling stupid。 That's just reality。

 That being the case。 I want you to be a very good elephant writer。

 I want you to understand how your mind works and I want you get super attuned to it。😡。

Once you've done that， you've now taken the steps to join the elite in life。

 I want you not just part of the masses。 I want you to be a part of the elite That being the case look at how your mind is holding you down。

 look how your minds creating success bears， look at how your mind is trickying you you lying to you look at people in general whose minds are tricking them and lying to them and feel bad for them and realize that you're gonna create rituals that are proactive because you know yourself。

 you have self-knowledge， you have self-tenencies and if you can master this with women。

 you can master it in any area of your life I believe in you， I know that you can do this。

 I know that it's not that hard you've watched me now demonstrated as far as approaching people on the street and that is a metaphor for life。

 you are going to take control of your brain， you are going take control of your life。

 F excuses fuck rationalizations， now is the time to rise。😡。

Okay this is it So tonight you're gonna go out take note of what your mind is doing。

 realize it's just a skittish elephant。 it's messing with your perceptionment。 it's not real。

 it's giving you this negative selftlk making you beat yourself up it's not fucking real you've got to take proactive control go do that and see how in the process of creating rituals you can now begin to shift your life in every area and in knowing how this will work I know that you're gonna go out and improve your career improve your health improve your personal relationships improve your spiritual growth you're gonna improve everything but this year this decision is a metaphor for change in your entire life I hope that you've enjoyed seeing us coaching students I hope you've enjoyed being here in New York okay I've done this video after being out all night on very low I don't make excuses I hope that you can be inspired by that example and stop making excuses as well I'm here for you I'm excited to hear about your results I'm excited to continue with you on your journey and an excuse for your world and a world where we create proactive rituals and not be at the mercy and reaction to the way our mind is working and。

I hopepe that we can come into alignment with our minds。

 realize that our mind makes these students to help us but realize that we have to take control and help our minds as well Anyway it was a lovely experience being here in New York with you I treasure every single weekend that I do this and I treasure every video that I offer to you I share this with you as a gift I hope that it has been well received and I'll talk to you soon。

Peace。😡，Dude， I had to tell you， man I found this shit when I was like glow By the time I was 15 I had like a little YouTube video thing and then like by 19 I did a ted talk。

 you guys really changed my life So're not ted she's crazy I do I do Patties now think I read an email from you once or something No the Founderers Club Telegram I think body body but yeah you guys help me so much says like three girlfriends I'm living in It's so sick dude fucking。

