# 【社交光谱】泰勒《最后一搏计划》人工翻译版：02_2.享受认识女生这个过程--01_2.与女生见面时享受乐趣的重要性_ev

I went up， someone from Real social dynamicss， we're kicking it in Philadelphia this evening and what I want to teach you today is the importance of actually having fun when meeting girls。

🎼3。What I want to do is make a very clear distinction because I think anybody trying to learn to meet girls really struggles with this。

 so I want to make this very practical and very understandable for you exactly the difference between having fun with meeting girls and kind of trying to make it work and sort of like execute a technique or whatnot all right now。

Let's just look at this very simply， okay， so one way is executing a technique， hi， how are you？

I'm fine， I'm doing good， Okay， so see I'm trying to make something happen now nether is go in your body。

And just see what's fun okay so you see how even when I made that little move。

 I started smiling and essentially what I did there was I let go it's like wow I'm making this video I might have a couple hundred thousand people watching it if I'm lucky and yet right in that moment I could just let go we're going go to Wawas okay you're not from here you just called it how do you say w sir where are you from they like Los Angeles。

Have you been magical my friends had him？Sayad him。Sad to see him， sad him， sad Alflonzo， sad him。

 sad him， sad to bouncer， sad your mom。That's good。You're very talented。

I have so many talents I see that I never believe it I see I believe it。

 I believe sky's limit cool you have such a cool outfit。Oh。N did me。Part的。😊。

Part that's how Ive kept my virgity for many years。

 I think everyone is so fucking with our that we should probably agree that。😊，Thank you。Things there。

You're your scarf。Com put in right now if I know that by letting go in that moment then it works。

 I might try to let go as a technique and so it's like。Right， and it doesn't have the same vibe。

 I bet you don't quite laugh if I'm like。Like that， but with letting go。Hey hey， it's like。

 you know we' kind we're kind of on the edge there。

 but you see the idea okay so what I want to do in this video here in Philadelphia。

 a nice cold evening is show you the difference between executing a technique to meet a girl and actually letting go and what I hope you come away with from this video is really a challenge that I'd like you to try maybe this month and that challenge is to just go out and really genuinely have fun with people and what we're going to discuss throughout the video is both why that actually helps you as well as how to go about doing it so that you can absolutely crush with girls because when you're having fun you'll get an incredible reaction。

Were going to Zbar。I like talking。こいいがや。Like that it。Are you looking I'm pretty where are you from？

I' a 그냥。H。Yeah。are you？And。Okay so the idea that I'm trying to get across you here is that there's a sort of a paradox a lot of time when you come into success with women and you're trying to get better at it and the paradox is that on one hand you feel like shit and you literally believe that if you had a girl that would make you happy so you keep looking for these different techniques of how to get a girl because if you got the girl then youd be happy you're like what's a technique and a lot of time people in this mindset I definitely was one of them so believe me there's no judgment here like I was the guy who was in this headspace they get frustrated when you know they ask for techniques and you just tell them start having fun and the reason why they get frustrated is because paradoxically even though they're hating life or maybe even hate themselves on some kind of low-level self-hate kind of issue on the flip side。

 they're not actually able to see the gap between themselves and the people who go out just have fun okay so try to follow that gap there on one side。

They think that if they had a girl， they'd have fun because they instinctively feel something's wrong。

 think the girl would fix it and think they need a technique。

 but then on the flip side they don't realize that when they're out。

 you know't in an environment where there's a lot of people going out and enjoying themselves out the evening out of the bar with their boys。

 with their girls， girls nightight out， the group nightight out， whatever it is。

They're actually not able to see the gap between their state of mind and the people having fun right so as a result of that if you tell these guys okay just start having fun。

 just start having fun， they can actually get mad at you and feel condescended because they feel like you're holding something back from them and they're like do just show me the technique and what they don't realize is that even when they start getting laid it's not gonna make them happy because happiness comes from within so they're not seeing that and then like I said paradoxy they don't see the gap between their energy and the energy the people out and so there's an energy mismatch that's occurring and what goes on is everybody's out they're kind like in the state pumping state they're kind of just like having fun having fun and enjoying themselves and then the person out trying to meet a girl say that you're out trying to meet a girl you're trying to do some kind of technique or kind of make something happen and as a result of that there's this weird energy mismatch and then you wind up getting a lot of rejections a lot of people blowing you off because they feel this weird vibe off of you now let's get even a little bit deeper because this is go a little bit deeper on this so a lot of the time if you're。

Just getting annihilated out there when you're meeting girls you'll think to yourself okay I don't have the right technique。

 I need to convey more value， but let me make a very clear point here if you're not even able to get into a lot of conversations usually that's not because you're lacking in social status or you don't know a technique that's because you're coming across weird you can even take like you know a friendly old man or a very nonthrening guy have them go up even to hot women and just start conversations and as long as they're being real and having fun most hot girls will talk to them Yeah and how much it just works Yeah its just。

Really， really interesting because when you're just having fun to get disarmed。Yeah。

 tell me what are you saying that's it Yeah does beautiful I just stopped gaming stop thinking of the next line。

 just talk to someone like a person you know it's as simple as that is it I just saw it yeah and then they're completely at ease and you can go move them around or suggest they're not getting they're guard up there's not a motive there's no guard up and yet yet to still be smart enough to move things for it because you can't just be like disjointed so you have to have you have the end in mind but you enjoy every minute of that process in the fun of it you're doing to actually have the joy is the conversation itself very in the I haven't had that experience yet。

Thats great and it's so much easier isn't it， so it's about taking the pressure off yourself and then going into your own fun。

So a lot of the time as a guy， when you're going out there and you're trying to talk to different girls and it's not going well。

 you're thinking that you need a technique but really it's because they're having fun and you're not now I want to get very specific here because I don't like these vague things like just just have fun like trust me I used to hear that all the time and it really tossed me off because in my mind when I was newer I was like I think I am having fun。

What do you mean I'm not having fun like and besides that I'm not having fun because I'm not getting late。

 I want to girl right， but the difference is it's really very simple。

 I mean just try to watch right fun is like。Like that and then a technique is like。

Like this okay describe both fun because I'm imitating it but you see what I'm saying right so the basic difference is just logic is like point A。

 point B， point C， point D， point E， point f right you're trying to get to a certain point and there's an energy behind that where it's just kind of very linear but when people have been working all week let's say that you've been working all week you're like man。

 I want to go out。I want to unwind， okay when people unwind。

 well they go out so that they can stop being like this and so uptight and so they can quote unote let loose。

 they want to just let off steam， let loose， they want to go wild。This is very。

 very critical because for a woman her sexual process is getting out of logic Okay did you catch that Okay very important kind of golden nugg in there okay call my own stuff golden nugget。

 but you see the idea right very very critical a woman's sexual process is getting out of logic Why is that because logic is dictated by her social conditioning which is don't have sex guys So women by default。

 they're very aroused women walk around in the state of arousal wanting to have sex but there's so much judgmental slut shaming going on that whenever the woman's in a law school say she's like oh I could never do that I couldnt have sex to that guy I can't make out that guy just make God but when she starts having a little bit of fun and that kind of can't have sex can't be shamed must be good girl daddy will get bad Pay will sha me and she gets out of that and she starts going fucking wild What do these girls do they're making out with each other Have you guys kids。

🎼Yeah，他鬼。You guys guys know matter how hardy we get。

 we don't start making out our boys most of the time， right？Just sometimes。

 but you see what I'm saying right so if you want to be the kind of dude who's able to bring out that sexual side women start having fun and just w like this。

 her brain gets pulled into that state and the next thing you know you're making out with her or you're making out their friend you're having one- nice stands and then if you have a one nice stand with that girl you wantan to be your girlfriend she's right there you can start a relationship if you know how to escalate it to that point so if you're thinking about this clearly I hope you are what you're seeing is that having fun is really in a lot of ways you can say it's the ultimate form of game and that doesn't mean there's no technique to it understand that even if you're having fun and you walk up and you're self-qualing or acting in a way that's just wrong and creating social friction that isn't helping you well having fun's not gonna to beat that but it's still a very very powerful tool and that's why emphasized it in this video because I want to get you out of that mindset that there's this crazy technique that you need to learn that I'm holding something back from you and show you that just having a good time will allow you to absolutely crush it。

A are you smoking what are you I don't know beautiful you're like your fierce way Oh thanks， man。

 how you guys know each other you all were here really from Los Angeles。I got it。して。

That makes me feel so much better。Hey。You know。She was not even come with us because on vi。

 already feel like we had excellent broken and like right away from me。Right。こからベービズみたいな。

考 some makes。daughter right。在好难。You know， I'm like becoming your friend， I'm connecting with you。

Like like。襟も今持ってきる。weird look at my bald head come on I think seem like some bigger chill you guys。

あいでもね。你定个一。I mean。make you。🎼好 baby。going have a beard I'm ready to begin。She has a daddy card。

Here we go。悪いじゃ。は。All right， so the habit that I want to crank into here is I want to get you out of that urgent need to lead it forward and this is paradoxical because there's going to be absolutely other videos that I put out where I'm saying have a plan to lead it forward。

 always know what you're going to do， always be closing。See。

 the key with success with women in my experience， just my personal opinion is powerful intent and direction plus a freedom from outcome So in this video we're focused less on the powerful intent and more on the freedom of outcome side okay so this video will be particularly relevant to you if you're somebody who's going out the massive agenda and you're kind of reeking of agenda and you're sort of this fun killer that's getting blown out a lot of the time because you just have too much agenda and it's actually conveying low status。

 desperation and thirstiness okay so the purpose of this video is I'd like you as an exercise to just go out maybe for a week and just have a lot of fun like just go with girls and laugh with them and make your goal to do whatever feels good in your body to say whatever feels good to you to say whatever makes you laugh whatever puts a smile on your face even things that you know could maybe break reportport the girl that show that you don't even care one way or the other but not done intentionally with an agenda but because you're having so much fun that even when you say those things。

 it almost highlights how much fun you're having because you don't really care it's for you to my god now。

Some laughing， eat its。He I miss you， it's been really hard from you being away from you。

Wai we met very shy。In past life people meet each other through different lives Have you ever heard read the book Your spirits guides spirit guide has brought us together right now here and our spirit guide brought together to go to a weird restaurant right now now in doing this I think you're gonna be very impressed of the result because what it does is by having fun you're eliminating thirsiness and let me tell you thirsty looking's not a good look I'm able to go out regularly and I don't mean articulate it like this but essentially wind up inadvertently annihating most guys who are too thirsty and what I do a lot of times is I'll just go up to some thirsty dude and he's trying so hard on the girl and I just start having fun near them and just saying funny things and the guy actually gets anxiety because he's not getting what he wants because all of a sudden the energys being taken off him I'm not even doing that purpose I'm just out having fun with everybody and what winds up happening is that then the coming on me his agenda goes up my agenda goes down and I wind up attracting her in spite of his。

Greater effort， very， very sweet guy， thanks to about you all the time。

When he would probably get you like 5000 Facebook messages that he didn't call for one night。

 that'd be like really cute。He。やせ。Oh wait things protected， he got， he's got you。🎼It's notで。

And the slave。🎼谢谢。There。No， he had to stop you， you had to be displayed。🎼，And by the way。

Now here's the funny part。 that same dude to probably say oh I'm not one of these have fun guys I get it done and that's cool and it sounds great right and particular that type of mentality is appealing to somebody who's very disconnected from their sense of fun or from their kind of core fun essence and they're very kind of cut up in the form of everything and getting results is a way to dictate their happiness So when you say I just get it done yeah it sounds great but what winds up happening is the guy who's having fun winds up tooling the other guy out and getting all the energy because funny enough in many ways if you're a closer type guy and a technique driven guy。

 a great technique is to have a lot of fun now does this mean that every pickup has to be fun look a lot of pickups can be chill they can be kind of dominant aggressive leading things like that there's different styles but I do think that having fun is very very important because again you're going into these fun environments and fun is such an important part of a woman's process so don't be a mentality that if you're not having fun that you have to start acting fake like I'm the fun I'm the fun I'm the fun okay I'm not saying that I don't want to。

This extra pressure on you because frankly anytime that we give a technique of some sort what can sometimes happen is that that technique thats meant to help you once up' actually harming you because you think you have to do something so don feel like you have to do something okay you can walk up your being chill not even talking there's many different things that you can do in order to attract a woman but what I'd like you to focus on here at least in this particular video because you know every video has a different theme to it again some videos are like close it lead this video is about fun is I'd like you to really consider just going out and having that fun and seeing how fundamentally it eliminates thirstiness and ones up just tooling out and dominating out other guys and if you want to understand the background behind it it's very simple think of a caveman he's got all the girls。

 he's got all the meat， he's got the shelter， he's got the friends of status is he's sitting there in the state of anxiety with an agenda or if he just having follow this buddies you might have even notice that when you're out with a bunch of your buddies and you have the highest status in that environment I don't like to bring things back to status kind of cheesy but I mean if we're just having honest f discussion here if you've been in an environment where you have the most status。

You'll find in least in my experience and I've seen it with a lot of other people is you kind of just start laughing I've noticed it in myself I grew up not with a lot of status at all and lots of them might be kind of depressed but then you know now that I've hit a place in my life or occasionally I have the most status in the environment I just sit through with my buddies we start laughing we start cracking jokes and the reason why is because it comes across that we already have what we need we don't need anything the abundance is here so in a lot of ways the laughter the fun that kind of playfulness what that's really signifying to that woman is it showing her these guys haven't handled these are the high status guys and then what happens and this is so fucking crazy is that you wind up going around meeting different people having fun and the girls start fighting over you different girls have made out with you and know they're in the bathroom saying who's gonna go home with it who's gonna fuck him tonight that's the cool guy and you wind up looking like the prince of the environment。

 the desirable guy in that environment so all the girls who become competitive over you and your attention simply because you're having the most fun now the best part of this that I really like is that you wind up meeting everybody because。

I like to go out and make everybody have fun I like to come from a place of abundance。

 a lot of guys have a different opinion on this I get that just my style。

 I don't go out to kind of hold the fun just for me like I'm in fun today I can't share it and I get depleted having fun I want to be out there sharing it with everybody so say there's a girl who's a fat shake or say there's girl's older or not super hot I don't care she's probably coolest shit dude she's probably gonna to be my buddy maybe I'm not looking for that maybe that she's not looking for me either but we can be friends and then that girl might wind up introducing me to her friends or encouraging her friend to come on with me。

My little I love him I love you talking to ther What happened I'm so sorry I don't know what your name is On Ash pleasure to pleasure from LA LA LA。

I live in San Francisco Norco， yes Nor we're in San Franciscoco。

That's a nice place has a good view it is very good view you have a beard like D as I does got nice for real？

Oh my I don't like that， I just came oh my。It is saved your' save pants Oh you're funny like too Oh like I like too I that you that I came in pants my god he's hug me oh my god oh I like a lot owen right now I I'm。

Maybe a little too straight I try to fuck him but I couldn't get erect Are you really straight Oh my god you're you're like really cool to be straight thanks I'm trying to help off with people Are you Okay good So I was talking you up to this do you likes or no sometimes if I was ginger I've done a few times I imagine that I'm Jamie Lanister from Game of Thr。

Yeah。Yeah， she's having fun， she's having fun with me， I'm having fun with her。You know。

 I love it right I can have fun with other guys in the environment， I can have fun with my friends。

 Everybody's having fun。 The status is coming across the girls are coming around and now we've gotten now this bizarre paradigm where guys are like what's your approach to close ratio as if you're in this kind of sad state where everything's wrong and then you're walking up to different girls putting your heart on your fucking s do you like me do want fucking the technique didn't work what about when I execute the technique this one then it's like that doesn't work and then it's like what's your open to clothes ratio holy shit's dude what do you mean an open to close ratio you're having fun with everybody out and then the girls are getting attracted that's like the different what guys are thinking is a fucking spearfishing game but what this is there's just this huge net of fucking epicness with everybody and you can even do it in the day when you're just walking down the street that great vibe on your own with buddies the can do that the grocery we're piimping up the groc all the time it's hysterical we love it you have it with your buddies back of your crib frankly this is one of the。

reasonsas reasons why a lot of guys are like I like being single better than being in a relationship is because when it's like relationship is beautiful I actually prefer it。

 but one of the very cool things about being single and I always try to get guys to enjoy being single because you're only gonna to be single for period to your life is that it forces you to start having fun right when you're in a relationship is like you get this kind like fun free sex charis I call it charis of free sex and relationship but when you're single you just start having fun with your buddies you have a great time and if you're smart of course you'll learn how to keep that momentum going in a relationship because I think the girl gets of annoyed that this fun guy she's dating has become kind of boring but you see the idea there's just a lot of positives to it and what I want for you fundamentally is to go out and again get out of that full logic mode and start having fun but look from there。

What you're going to notice is the next step which is also figuring out how to parlay that into closing the deal with the girl into going home with her。

 getting in relationships and whatnot and we'll also discuss that within this video as well you can see why the fun and emotional escalation even if it's on one girl not only might she introduce you to her friends but in addition to that she or it allows you to roll into other ones while you're having fun as well。

H how are you guys doing did you miss me you inviting me inside？How you doing you're sandwich。

You love it， love it John three， one， two， three。All right， anything。It's not' been for long in。

I'll be in one second so and just continuing a point on that it's funny to think how so many guys learning success with women。

 even him like big gingering hugg， they'd be like oh I can't do that it's not leading it towards the goal in fact the fun is actually escalating their emotions building trust with you and making them want to go with you So again escalation of emotions builds trust in addition to that it shows entitlement that you're cool to be with girls like that and then in addition to that it also gets them ready to be around you get let home okay so this is where the rubber is gonna to meet the road and I want to actually show you how that fun that you're having is gonna to get converted into taking the girl home and getting results now it's important to understand there's two sides of life the art of accomplishment and the art of appreciation so really if you think about it results is a very subjective word because if you're not even enjoying your life then that's not results right you just go out and you get a result but you you might not even enjoy it So half of this the result is the fun okay making it your priority that if you're not having fun or enjoying it F it。

I mean unless the payoff is that sweet for you in which case that's up to you I'm not trying to tell you how to think here I' probably share more how I think。

 but also what I've seen work well for my clients now the flip side okay so we have enjoy it for sure but also we want results as far as getting laid。

 getting girls meeting a girlfriend meeting a life partner so we want to see that result as well appreciation and the actual accomplishment okay but again the fun could be the accomplishment itself and of course getting the girls the appreciation itself we don't want to make too much of an artificial distinction now。

With fun， the particular distinction that you need to understand is that self auseement versus say reaction seeking the difference looks like this Self auseement is says something that you think is funny and by the law of state transference it goes under her so say something funny to you bam under her say something funny to you bam under her so the fun is going boom and then the state transference goes to her or the people around you anybody what most guys are doing that are too linear is try to say something funny and then if they like it。

 if the girl likes it then they feel good so it's like funny she like it and then boom back to you the problem is this gives the girl too much power to dictate your state your mood and your confidence with her and it winds up fucking shit up。

 you do not want to be in a position like that okay so。

What we want to do from a technical standpoint is self ause and then allow her mirror neurons to feel the fun that you're having so whether I'm doing a speech for hundreds of people or whether or not I'm out for a night of gaming girls so to speak it's important to me that I get myself-h fun and I know that people are going come along for the ride it's like this kind of self hypnosis and you pull people into it so where you're gonna enjoy this the most is the whole selfhypnotized kind of wave that you're gonna to be riding your whole night you're gonna to love your night out when you do this but the tricky part is that as you're having fun you're gonna to see girls getting attracted to you and you're gonna be in this conflict point because it's like oh the fun's working the fun's working okay linear time。

 linear time and you're gonna to pull her home and what's gonna happen is that same thing that was initially attracting her all of a sudden that vibe is gonna be gone and what will happen instead is she'll get creeped out and you lose the girl but the flip side of it and this is kind of bad stereotype of guys having fun to do game is it's almost like a bunch of guys doing like some kind of conga dancer limbo or some shit and then all of a sudden they conga dancing with a group of men。

All the way back to their house like limbboing into the house for a big circlesure because they didn't bring any girls home So there's a flip side of the fun right So you've got to find a sort of middle ground where you're having fun and you are gonna lead her to come home with you but it's like again you've got to be wary because the fun's working the fun's working stop the fun and pull but then the flip side you all have to be war of the fun the fun the fun and then you don't bring any girls home so there's sort of a balancing line here that you you have to find and really this is gonna be found with experience you'll absolutely find it it's inevitable that if you're going out and doing this regularly that you're gonna figure out I have complete confidence in you just be self awareware and don't take the instructions blindly but be your own guru here just taking me as somebody giving you some insight but youve got to you understand why it works Now as you're getting the hang of this I realize that it's sort of stretching you out of your comfort zone I of anybody you'd ever meet I get that and the reason why I get it is because this did not come natural to me all being very low status growing up I didn't really have a lot of fun so to speak you my friends we had our own way of having fun was really cool。

But I get it that I wasn't exactly， you know growing up as a cool popular kid kind of laughing having fun。

 so it's going to stretch you， but what you're going to realize is that when you start having fun it's a selffil prohey。

 you will begin to look like that cool popular guy and you and your buddies will begin to look like that cool popular clickique。

That the girl wanted attention from when she was growing up in high school and it's going bring back a lot of those emotions for her and she's gonna to start supplicating to you and other girls are going to start supplicating to you just like what you saw when you're younger with the popular guys Ohn On Jean if you won't marry you I'm your backup I'm like this weird leprechaun backup that is just in case you'll get a lot of words like you're awesome or I like you you'll get a lot of that the reason why you're getting that is because you're pumping the girl's emotions so when you let go and just have fun your emotions go up and then her mirror neurons actually feed off of that then they go up too and that's when you start getting like you're awesome now this is critical because a major test to see if you're an entitled guy for her is that you're even capable of having fun with her so。

Basically what happens is that a lot of time if you're in front of a girl who's too hot for you and you can't handle it you're not able to just have fun。

 so it's very， very cool doing this and really it's just about you have to get into your own proactive into your own rhythm of being proactive so that you're the one setting down the agenda and then what you're doing is that through that fun。

 you're still engaging with people and stoppingpping them and engaging， merging groups together。

 introducing people to each other， introducing people to your friends laughing。

 fucking around but at the same time because you're in your zone。

 the girls are getting pulled in now the best part of this which is so funny is then。

As the girls pulled in you can actually kind of flffer off or just go talk to other people do a little mini takeaways to where the girls' going crazy okay now I want you to really imagine this as if maybe you're gonna go to the an NBA finals game or maybe you're gonna go to some cruise that everybody wants to get onto and nobody wants to be outside the stadium nobody wants to be on on the dock watching the cruise ship go by so what can happen for example when you're trying to say scalp tickets to a championship game or you're trying to get into some crazy party you say like an exclusive nightclub you're on the line outside or some restaurant that you want to get into is that when the desirable person or object or party or trip become scarce and people start fighting over it people immediately just switch to yes yes。

 yes， yes， yes yes and they want it immediately so what you'll find will happen is that girls will hit a point where。

Literally， they're just， they'll start saying like help me out here， like， you know。

 what are we doing here？In millionai， please help me out hook you up of the line。Like， you know。

 hold me up like you。I'm a nice girl。If you want to understand what this is like yourself。

 I want you a picture that you know you brought a girl home right she's nice。

 you're attracted to her let's say the girl's on top of you and she's kind of teasing you。

 she's moaning in your ears， you can smell or she smells amazing you're getting high off it and you get to a point where you go fucking crazy right you want her so bad you're losing your fucking mind Well as a guy you know our equivalent of that what we do is we do this thing where we have fun and the girls love emotions and so the girls' getting emotions out of it and then we kind of take it away by talking to other people and they're like yes yes yes and it does the same sort of thing to them so it's a very powerful way of going about it and really when you're playing at that level you're gonna eliminate a lot of this kind of flaking or you know girls being right on the fence but kind of not knocking them over the fence and you're gonna have the girls saying fuck yes because what you've done is you've allowed her to really make her own choice and made yourself very very desirable key is you want to say lose so as you're having fun you'll see the attraction coming and then you're gonna kind want to you know。

All of a sudden get all serious and make it happen and you still have to do that。

 but don't lose your flow， stay loose， okay？I heard youer I do so I want to take this to a really interesting space now and basically hammer into your head that。

Human beings were not exactly what we think we are and it's important to understand this as far as influence and persuasion also to understanding yourself and really just most importantly as far as relating with other people and having empathy for where they're at okay so what I'm going to say to you is that in your mind you think that you're one person you think that you're in this unified hole at the cost and not the effect this person who really has always the same opinions and same agreements and tastes and memories and whatnot but by another way of looking at it it's just another way of looking at it I challenge you to as a thought experiment at least consider this you could actually argue that human beings we have multiple different personality mates。

Up in our heads。Have you ever had an experience with a girl where maybe you met her and you were so sure that she would want to come and hang out with you the next day。

 but then she wouldn't call you back and you know you finally get her on the phone and it sounds like there's a different person on the other line Well the reason why is because there is。

There actually is memory is state access dependent if a girlmate an agreement in one emotional state she didn't make that same agreement from a different emotional state and by saying that different emotional state what I mean is a different personality matrix is at the surface now two major personality mates that I want to really pump into you is your adventurous self and your conservative self so to hammer this into you what I want to do is get you to imagine that you're walking up to a mountain and let's say that you first start going to climb up the mountain at first all that you see is the downside what could go wrong。

 what could go wrong， I don't want to do that you keep looking down it look so far。

And your brain will actually resist giving you the courage or fortitude to start shooting up the mountain。

 but if you just push through if you just force it， okay you really just force the damn gear。

 all of a sudden that RAS reicular activation system okay research that it's your selective focus your RA your selective focus shift from looking at what could go wrong to what could go right seeing new experiences。

 new opportunities you start finding different let's just to crank onto you're like I crank on this I crank on that I'm going to jump on here。

 I'm going jump on here， you start seeing new opportunities when a woman goes out she's essentially forced by the music。

 the DJ， the environment or her peer group to switch gears from conservative of looking what could go wrong with a guy to adventurous and thinking what could go right。

And the guys who really kind of cranked this gear with the girls are the ones that are having the most fun because when you're having the most fun。

 you shift her into her adventure self。Beautiful。Okay。

 where we go now was a good kiss let me see this again， I want to see the union one more。这も人痛。はい。は。

guys are a great couple you're a great couple。That's hot dude I used to make out my grandma all the time she had an amazing time she had a hell of a time Now let's think about this very clearly okay from a conservative standpoint there's many things that you wouldn't do let's say that you live in Connecticut all right。

 pretty near here in Philadelphia you live in Connecticut and you're thinking of buying a table from Ikea。

A nice table store and the table cost $250 well you're in your conservative is like。

 oh is this is the best table for my house， I don't know I'm in my conservative self。

Maybe you don't even buy the table at 250 bucks now you go to Vegas。

There could be a table that you don't even get to own， you don't get to keep it。

 it's just a table that you sit at at some bar like Hoasan or a marquie or excess。

Now all of a sudden， even though that table is $10，000。

 you like beg is baby fuck it and you and your buddies split on a table for 10k。

 the only gets used for a couple hours。I mean think about that that's what Vegass does it puts you to aventurous state Why do girls go to Vegasga to get laid they go there because it puts them in that adventurous self they just see the upside So when you're in that mode you're just partying it's like pizza we don't not for me but for a lot of people weed drinks you know things like that right Meanwhilewhile if you're actually your conservative stuff you're like fuck this that's crazy in my case I've done that sometimes with food rights like you know normally never bad food but for all laugh and having fun it's like fuck party you just do it and that can be okay in small moderation but you don't want to do that too much as far as girls if a girl's in a conservative state she's like wait a minute I'm loyal to my boyfriend I don't make out with my other female friends I'm not gonna just go home with a guy but it's amazing when she's shifts into that adventuredventurous state what she'll do I mean there's almost no limit。

There's really no limit to what is going to start happening when girls get into that environment in that state。

 so you as a man， here's what I'd ask you， as a man。

 are you a man who represents Vegas or Connecticut and here's really the key。I love relationships。

 adding relationship， you want to be like Connecticut。

But at the same time it's hard to shift from saying that you're Connecticut with a girl to all of a sudden then say no no no。

 I'm Vegas right so if you're courting a girl on this kind of Connecticut level。

 it's hard to switch out to being  Vegas， but Vegas it's very easy to switch to Connecticut because think of it like this right imagine that you bought you the $10000 table and then you say hey do you want to take it home you can take it home you're like sure but what if you buy the $250 table and you say hey。

 you want to buy the one for 10 grand and get it for only a couple hours you're like no no I realize it' a bit of an odd analogy but you get the idea of it it's harder to switch up now in my experience I've met girls that I have incredible matches with。

 I've tested this I mean girls that I have so much in common with。

 you think we've known each other from other lives and I've tried to saying you know what I'm not gonna like pump him up or make him in a fun mood I'm just gonna to relate with them as a person to person。

In a very calm manner and try to get her to loly decide to be my girlfriend and what I've typically found is when the girl's in that conservative mode。

 she starts finding reasons not to do it just like you'd find reasons not to climb this wall so there could be 99 reasons to be my girlfriend and one reason not to and from her conservative self she'll typically focus on that one reason not to now the reason why is because the conservative self it focuses on what has worked up to this point not being let's say Owen's girlfriend that's worked up to this point up until this point that's worked。

Not having him as my boyfriend has worked， I don't want to lose that but from an adventurous estate shit。

 I mean you're seeing these videos of mean just running around having fun with everybody and from that mode。

 it's easy just go hook up hang out the next day keep having fun， build social experiences together。

 have social capital together and now the next thing you know you've had fun with different people and you've had cool sexual experiences and from there from among those girls who you have the best chemistry with。

 you can choose your partner your girlfriend if you ever want to get married。

 you've got a great group of girls who you've met who you can choose from and now things are going in a very。

 very positive direction so as a man I think it's important that we make peace of the fact that many of the things that we've been told women want essentially are kind of like know for a beta male to compensate and as a man。

 I think that we need to look at it in a different way which is that women are there for us in a spiritual way and they're there to offer us value spiritually and what does that mean？

In my opinion， what the world would look like if it weren't for women is a very fucked up place。

 I think that it would be like you know almost like Mr。

 Spock reality right everything would be so logical and well girls get us to do like I mean look I kind of like this jacket I kind of like the scarf I kind of like the beard。

 I kind of like my shoes， my swagger the way that I talk the way that I move I like that and you know you probably have your own opinion but I think it's cool okay and。

I did this in a lot of ways if we're thinking about it， probably unconsciously。You know。

 for the relations that I have with girls， right because when I go out and I got a little swag。

 got a little shit going on， girls react well to that， okay， the personality， the jokes。

 the charisma， the way of the speaking， the rhythm behind it， all that stuff。

Is brought to life by women and women reward us for having fun because what they're saying is hey。

 the work week is over， it's time to mate， let go enjoy， feel good， what does the woman offer。

 she offers a softness， right， her skin， her smell， her hair。

 her curves and so to me that's what women offer and what they just want to see is they go hey。

 you start having some fun。y when you start having some fun you're gonna to enjoy me and we're gonna enjoy each other and it can be sometimes hard to maintain that mentality because you know unfortunately our modern societys kind of fucked up and gotten away from what it should have been the core of what we as a human tribe should have been right or what we're meant to be at least and so what we see is like you know a lot of guys that are trying to go by the social narrative they're doing all these logical things they're being told to do and then meanwhile some like know wede guy or a bartender dude know a club promote just like fuck having fun and then girls are going home with those guys and it never make the mistake that even your sweet girl will go home with that guy who you might think is greasy and she will absolutely go home with him and sometimes you need to see this again and again you to have it really sink in but she absolutely will and you say no my girl won't dude in the same way that you like a girl with a certain look or she makes you feel a certain way。

 you'll go home with her don't judge somebody else for going with what turns them on all right so that's just reality buddy you can tell yourself the story if you want。

You can disagree and get mad that's up to you but this is what I found after doing this ever since 2002 I've just seen it again and again and again by the way it been fooled right I remember I was a Julian once I said to him you know that girl seems really classy you know don't do anything too crazy or just get a solid number I see some little rapper kid whos like shorter than me this girl's like this tall beautiful girl in a gown he's like suck it on her neck and she's loving it Meanwhilewhile Julian's a taller。

 better looking more sophisticated guy but he didn't have follow her as much on my bad advice sorry Julian so you've just got to see that over and over。

And realize this doesn't mean to become some grease bull， this doesn't mean to throw your life away。

 this doesn't mean to stop doing great things for yourself such as your career or making a beautiful reality that you could someday bring a woman into in a relationship but what it means is that you do those things for yourself okay those are things that you do for your own enjoyment of life and maybe eventually to raise children which is very important and know once you're raising kids it's going to be invaluable these great things that you do for yourself but for now what I suggest it is really up to you you could do whatever you want but what I personally found helpful in my own life and in the lives of people I've coached is to see that women are here to help us have fun to have swag rhythm。

To feel， to soften it up， to loosen up， women are here to provide that for us so again。

Advent yourself self conservative self which are you gonna to bring out are you a guy who's more like Vegas or a guy who's more like Connecticut are you somebody who looks high status because you've already got what you need So you're having fun right or you guys who's kind of compating you're not having fun because you're in this compensating logical space the guy that's already got 10 girls he's just having fun girls want to meet him he leads him home goes home with them as well the guy who's got no girls and not going on he's compating he's trying a little too hard on the flip side let's not idealize this fun guy and then not have results because you're unfocused having fun is not about being untetherered it's simply one side of a twosided coin one side is the fun the other side is the game plan and clear intent is's supporting out both of them we've covered the game plan intent and other videos today we've covered fun and again like I said let's get out of the and get into the flow of things having a good time letting go and remember this probably the single most important thing as far as fun。

More that you cannot take yourself seriously， the more that you can let go of selfimage。

 let go of ego when you become less， you actually become more because when you become less in the physical form of taking the physical form so seriously of how you look。

And then you kind of just。Go with this。Okay， just look kind of dumb。You start having more fun。

 right you could be like look， I'm like this， everything is perfect， when you just say fuck it。

You have fun， okay， you just mess your own hair up。

 you start having fun right so you don't need to be so uptight it's okay to become less because in the form as you become less in your essence of fun。

 your natural truet self， you become more。Did' wait。Are youYour YouTube celebrity？

All right wrapping up our night I hope you enjoyed that remember why do you learn success with women anyway is it to get your penis inside of anotherher wet hole or is it to use it as actually an exercise to condition yourself to live life the best way that you could ever live your fucking life look let me tell you something sex with women is nice and eating food is nice I want you to experience it but fundamentally it's likehu。

boom done。You see what Im saying here， yeah， you want to crush it with girls and you're going to by having a lot of fun the people in life that are having the most fun they're in a state of abundance。

 the guys that are crushing it are out having fun， they're not desperate， they're just enjoying it。

 they're not thirsty。'reAl feeling good， but they're also smart enough to lead it to the close they're having a lot of fun so you're gonna have a lot of fun you're gonna to crush it with girls but more importantly in crushing it with girls and learning how to crush it with girls what you're really gonna get out of it is reinforcement on how to live your life in general the way that I like to think of women is as a microcosm of the universe the universe wants you to have fun and women want to have fun what I really believe is that the reason women reward men for having fun is that without women life would fucking suck because it'd basically be like you know we're all Mr。

 Spock just all logical kind of just walking around like let's do this now let's do this now let's get to the future now and it always like one thing to the next what women get us to do they incentivize us to slow down and really enjoy life to really just relax and to be ourselves and when we do that and have a lot of fun and get into that mode the microcosm of the universe which is women at least to my opinion they reward us。

Just like when you're having fun in life， the macro cost in the universe in general will reward you of course like the universe。

 the woman still wants you have a direction you got to know what you're doing。

 you can't just be an untethered fun man right that's why we called intent plus freedom from outcome there's still an intent but what you saw here was just having fun and you can see how you'll absolutely crush it by letting go remember it's a thought process that I want you to work on shifting one is gets the next thing fun is like flowing just goes in any direction abundant flowing free just it's nice feeling okay so don't be trying to get the next thing tell just relax。

Feel good。And when it feels good， you'll be rewarded and you're going to feel really。

 really fucking good。Anyway， had a lot of fun in Philadelphia。

 hope you enjoyed the video and I hope that more importantly than anything your life will be a lot more fun as a result of what you learned。

 your results of the women are going to improve， but your enjoyment of life。

 it's not just the art of accomplishment but the art of appreciation as well and this encompasses both。

I'll talk to you soon。Peace。